Hi, guys.
Welcome to this lecture.
We're going to purge the rest of the fields.
Okay, then I'd like to do this.
I need to go back to our visa code and then it provides screen.
Okay.
And now we can use Cointreau.
Sorry.
Ice cream.
Now we can use contra and B to make this right.
Okay.
Now over year recognizes string.
Right.
You can say he's going to be no for now.
So he can just create a report card.
An escort image.
Image.
Yara.
Okay.
Then over a year.
Every call that we're able to call or score image.
Sorry.
Image l the according to this.
Variable rates is a deter and that gets I think we have it ours image.
Okay so make sure you don't make a mistake of that as you're going to get it back to this area.
Image.
No, really, we don't need the full name because we don't have anything.
I sort of I really do have the email address, the user name and number, but that you can just add
the phone number in your sign up screen.
Okay.
So what we can do is we're going to need to display the image.
Right.
Okay.
I think.
Over.
Okay.
Over here.
We're going to call it out very well.
We can just use this and use a dollar sign and dancing on underscore image.
You are l.
Yeah.
Okay.
Not hard to restart this part.
Restarting or restarting.
Okay.
But that you.
Or we look at computers.
Okay.
Ice cream.
Let's see if we.
Okay.
Great.
It is done, right.
Okay.
Now we can then have the sign, the log out, both in the log guard function.
So we're going to look for that.
Okay.
I think we do have it over here.
It is my orders and.
Little guy.
Okay, so this is a function of air.
Right?
You already have.
You sink.
If for any reason the garbage, you can just hide it.
Okay.
So we're going to see Firebase.
I think we have available quite far besides intercourse and thought.
Sign.
How?
Okay.
This is going to take some time, so we need to wait for it.
Okay?
This country has to save or we can just as we start this.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Alright, we started.
Okay.
And.
Now we can.
You can see it is taking some time for the image to load.
You can just hide something else before it's finished loading.
Okay, let's try to.
Second in line.
Okay.
Now the sign up.
Look for the sign off.
We can just add that additional field, which is the number of.